 in the case of 1947, the number of british people who have property must be paid by the united kingdom, and the chinese 476.
 the provisions of the convention into or into state laws are not related to the laws of article 4, and if the provisions of article 4 clauses.
 the economic performance of the economy during the quarterly quarter of 1993 is not good.
 the department of peacekeeping operations accepted this recommendation and pointed out that the candidates should be included after the consultation of the consultation exercise.
 the 1 step in the 2 phase of the methodology requires the basis for grade grades as a basis for remuneration comparison.
 according to the gradual development of china's tourism market, the price of these spots will continue to rise.
 as a matter of fact, the current vacancy rate in the shopping market and the market stalls are now the peak of 5 years.
 the situation in peace-keeping is most difficult to predict that, as forecasts are likely to occur at any time in the year.
 it should be necessary to look into the form of the country, rather than instruments.
 a spokesman for israel's spokesperson said that the occupying forces would continue to stay for long.
 some of us believe that this action would not be possible to do so.
 this is very useful for member states to understand the complexity of the problems dealt with by the court.
 the namibian family planning association was established in january 1996 and has become a major non-governmental organization for reproductive health.
 states parties are the best of the most critical health issues affecting women in the country.
 it is, therefore, legal and the fact that it is legally subject to international law.
 while the activities are still limited, the size of the future space activities will be expanded.
 it is therefore necessary to conduct an investigation and to try the facts.
 there is a need for adequate and predictable resources.
 those who are those who caught in those who are those who are those who are the united nations, the international community, the united nations, and action.
 parents could not be able to make a hand in hand, and the responsibilities of the responsibilities of the responsibilities of the school will be completely pushed.
 " i am pleased to see that one country, two systems now, will bring about the results of this system.
 on the list of speakers today, the representative of malaysia, mr. he will speak on behalf of the group of 21.
 the government understands that the hos scheme must be avoided with private property market competition and maintain the difference between the sales of sales.
 we explore a thorough analysis of the strengthening of the strengthening of the strengthening of the strengthening of the united nations to conduct thorough analysis.
 in accordance with the provisions of the basic law, the 2 term of the chief executive shall be elected by an election committee.
 in a case, the person must at least appropriate attention to prevent the use of the installation.
 it also established an international e-commerce network, which was successfully carried out in october 1998.
 the real growth rate of the gross domestic product in 1996 has been revised to 5.9 per cent to 5.0%.
 after the first visit to visit china's visit to visit china, he has visited hong kong in october this year.
 the government of chile made the strongest protest against a new nuclear installation device on 8 june 1996.
 as for the reasons stated in paragraph 18 above, the panel finds that the claim for military volunteers would not be compensated in principle.
 the decision should be made by the president of the general assembly and the chairman of the regional groups.
 the long-term problems of the two countries and the government of the republic of belarus, as well as the government of the republic of belarus and ukraine, has not been able to expeditiously the organization.
 member of the panel member states of the world trade organization of the world trade organization (sar) group of disputes between india and the united states.
 the warmth of the warmest of the warmth of the zuli university of the university of the university of the world is a new, and he was elected to chinese.
 however, the committee notes that the services of the state of origin is not good.
 article 54 of the constitution refers to the establishment of a system of education system, which will be established in the country.
 a spokesman for the treasury said today (december 30) that it would be hoped that the internet would make use of internet registration.
 during the last hand, mr tsang was grateful to the department of marine marine personnel, and others expressed their gratitude.
 okay, let's continue to look at other news.
 at the same time, some of these groups require a number of preconditions for these groups.
 the face of tropical cyclone warnings in hong kong will gradually resume normal.
 this is regrettable that the draft resolution was incompatible with the united nations convention on the law of the sea.
 therefore, we believe that the indonesian authorities would like to resolve these problems.
 the official languages of the conference include english, russian, french, french, spanish and spanish this year.
 in transactions with local local transactions, the shares of the local financial institutions and local non-financed clients conducted by local financial institutions and local non-governmental organizations.
 " in the long run, we are planning to build more multi-storey singletons to build more multi-storey singletons.
 it is essential to find that there should be tangible results. this relationship is feasible to multilateral cooperation in the future.
 the culprit was arrested and sentenced to theft.
 the number of contributions to humanitarian relief in the region are concerned.
 the prosecutor has filed a ruling on the appeal, and so the chamber was transferred to france to france.
 the trend towards the economic slowdown in these countries has adversely affected the economic and social stability that have adversely affected them.
 this week is 1, seven days.
 we have entered the world, through the united nations, through the united nations and with each other and south-south east.
 thirdly, special emphasis was placed on local, enterprises and public participation in the implementation of sustainable development strategies.
 the united nations can play a key role in promoting the development efforts of the information and information technology promotion efforts.
 he said: " i don't understand the sword, " he says.
 (15) there are international perspectives in respect of words and thinking.
 it has been 2 months since the terrorist attacks occurred on 11 september.
 chinese ministry of china's ministry of china said that china's anti-control diseases have been very effective.
 chile agrees that the preventive deployment of the united nations peace-keeping force will be able to prevent the situation of violent conflicts.
 at this critical juncture, it is important that the terrorist coalition must clearly recognize and recognize its enemy.
 i very hope that the executive will be able to start a dialogue with different voices.
 a spokesman for the representative of the african group, a spokesman for the african group, commended unifem for unifem's efforts.
 the chinese government intends to start in early next year for the establishment of 13 coal " bases in the country.
 at the end of the last hundred years of the river, the ancient town of the river, which is in the last 100 years, has been step up by step.
 as part of the work of the day-to-day work, the hkma will continue to monitor the credit credit credit credit card.
 in our country, arabic is the 2 largest official language.
 the university of universities and teachers.
 the credentials of representatives shall be issued either by the state of state and government or by the state of state concerned.
 the contents of the contents of the contents of the contents of the contents of the public interest in a number of social and economic areas.
 the vast majority of member states have shown their tendency to increase the tendency to increase the permanent and permanent membership of the council.
 in the first six months of the stamps issued, customers can be selected for the first six months ' time.
 on the other hand, the deputy secretary for education, deputy secretary for education, mr lai lai, and other bureau officials and officials of the education department.
 in 1966, she has established a social foundation.
 it is not easy to determine the impact of voters and election activities, which could not be easy.
 the united nations member states of the south pacific, the south pacific, was deeply regretted by france for the resumption of nuclear tests in the pacific.
 the age age is 15 years 9 months.
 service fee is $ 20 each.
 bulldozers have shrunked home, and in many cases there are also residents.
 these actions are the police, armed forces, law enforcement officers, law enforcement officials and humanitarian and peacekeeping personnel and the public.
 as a matter of fact, i have to go to the relevant persons related to the european parliament.
 at present, rapid changes in the implementation of national sovereignty, national self-determination, national security and the preservation of the concept of peace and the implementation of peace.
 the search means to identify the genuine responsibilities of the genuine responsibilities in space objects.
 at the 1st meeting, on 14 january, a statement was made by the chairman of the joint chairman of the joint chairman of the united nations.
 the committee affirms the need to strengthen the process of nation-building, consolidation of the rule of law, democracy and civil society.
 the conference urges the conference on disarmament to agree on a programme of work, including the immediate establishment of such a body.
 the israeli army has been destroyed and the israeli army had been destroyed.
 the text is more stringent, simple and simple.
 this sustained high prices, not only for ordinary people, but also a high priority for the government authorities and experts from the government.
 if he does not talk about, it would be necessary to take a halt.
 we will not be able to ear with a professional understanding of the academics of the profession.
 the saying goes: " there is no wrong ".
 it is expected that the large number of national party is expected to be accelerated if it is expected to be accelerated.
 in the days of the days of the day, the light of the cold war, the light of the light of the sky, is refurbished.
 the mainland's mainland to taiwan is optimistic about the tourism industry in taiwan.
 the most common aspects of the existence of the functionality jurisdiction is the navigation and adoption of the exclusive economic zone in the area of the sea.
 the spokesman reminded the public to make a report to the police as soon as possible.
 on november 9, margaret chan officially elected the director-general of the world for the first part of the united nations in united nations specialized agencies.
 the executive board may wish to take note of the report.
 in accordance with the international court of the international court, there are provisions for extradition in extradition.
 the universal declaration of human rights adopted by the united nations general assembly on 10 december 1948, a new era of relations between states.
 the committee commends the universal protection of human rights, particularly protecting women's human rights.
 er, on the basis of this, there has been no black spot in the world.
 the principle of non-discrimination is therefore a constitutional principle.
 we are celebrating the threshold of a history of history, and the process has been beginning to start in a multi-party political difficulty.
 since the government gazetted the web of the government's department's web site, the number of visitings from the printer from april increased to nearly 60000.
 there was no case in the case of the previous case or in the present case.
 the state party may wish to address the category in the near future.
 the results of the work of the work of the commission must depend on the modalities of its capacity and the commission.
 the letter of authorisation shall be signed by the original school.
 the contract has been signed, the working group and the provision of travel services will be reviewed in september 2002.
 however, as you know, we are seeking " quality ". it does not mean that " the volume " is not important.
 the congo was generally felt that the international community has been in no way to end the conflict.
 one of the requirement is to evaluate the damage caused by floods to crop and infrastructure.
 as a result, the government will also be able to carry out on the same basis as a result of the mergers of hong kong's two exchanges and clearings.
 with regard to the mano river union, the regional office must assist the implementation of the three ministers in september and october.
 the offence and the maximum limits of killings, such as murder, the lowest and the maximum limits of the offence, were added.
 initial enquiries revealed that bullets were shot by a gunfire.
 at the time of the time the waiting time for care care care for care care homes, the applicant can be divided into three categories.
 this is one of the main reasons for the spread of aids spread.
 an example of a life-based style of life is an example of modern era.
 this would be possible to ensure peace and harmony in peace and harmony.
 in terms of food prices, i am not aware of what's changing weather changes in china.
 " it is not only possible to enhance the ability of local production, which can help to provide a service centre in the part of asia. "
 i think that all people will understand that we all celebrated their membership in the last 17 years.
 in the case of good health, the symptoms of symptoms are mainly lower than a minor.
 with regard to cooperation with the united nations agencies, the coordination of related issues is also appropriate.
 in the face of the marketing products of the market, parents can make their choices much more.
 if the more double figures, the consequences would be very serious.
 it will continue to seek voluntary repatriation.
 experience has shown that the new system has been well established in 1999 and the system has improved.
 at the same time, the moratorium on nuclear testing was maintained before the entry into force of the ctbt.
 article 31 of the basic law stipulates that there are freedom of travel and immigration in hong kong.
 they also felt that this might form a precedent, leading to a notice that all types of vessels would be issued prior to all types of vessels.
 right.
 as the government has been aware of the question, the government has also heard the legal opinion of the law, but the government will never let us know.
 as at the end of august 1997, 34 china-owned enterprises are listed in hong kong, through a total of us$ 70000000000 in hong kong.
 to date, the air and land-based assets of monuc has been transported to over 30 tons of relief to goma.
 the committee expresses its appreciation for the challenges of globalization and new technologies to implement the drug law in the 21 century.
 the gap between men and women are reflected in the gap between men and women in the working life.
 on the other hand, there are no trade in egypt with egypt.
 madam president, the procession of processions and processions are not always a group of people.
 the delay in the delay will affect the credibility of about about.
 recently, the private sector companies and foundations are significantly increased by the private sector and the foundation for cooperation with the united nations.
 there are no other comments <unk>
 i am very excited.
 there are two types of identity cards, one of which is to be given to the population, but also for the residents.
 as a result of time, i have not been able to do with all services.
 recent developments in recent years seem to help hong kong's early settlement of this problem.
 the model consists of a model of three-pronged models and dismission models.
 9 of the percentage points from the currency exchange rate from currency exchange rates.
 typical illicit arms transactions are carried out in place where the administrative facilities of arms and import.
 switzerland does not tolerate the financial system of switzerland for the use of switzerland to do so.
 most of the job vacancies will be available for a monthly salary range of $ 8000 to $ 6000.
 details of the project completed in the 3 quarter of 1999 was shown in tables.
 with regard to the functions of the commission's functions, please see the provisions of the financial and capital markets commission.
 it is in the near future to broadcast these programmes in the near future.
 civil society in the commonwealth of commonwealth is a great deal and support for the official activities of the commonwealth.
 the chinese delegation believed that the current international nuclear disarmament effort is to be at the junction of the 10th crossings, and the prospects are concerned.
 because of the more time, the honourable mrs leung has more time to make it better.
 the observer for the indigenous people, africa and the inter-american cultural association of the inter-american culture of america believe that non-cendants is a minority of argentina.
 " we are planning to conduct surveys in the next three years to study the performance of the university graduates.
 we are not aware of the version of china's version. it is very well that officials of hong kong officials have an excuse for the mainland.
 the mission was held in new york on 21 and 22 may 2001.
 however, the model law has developed the criteria for the conduct of such parties (the signatures, the signatures, the signatures and certification service).
 it is therefore expected that the rate of capacity to implement the national programme would be low.
 the committee will consider specific topics from a gender perspective.
 " the sar warmly supports the mainland to join the wto as soon as possible.
 for example, there is only a telephone telephone.
 the media must respect the dignity and integrity of the personnel and institutions.
 the israeli authorities also closed a number of days of closure between the gaza strip and egypt.
 as a result of speeding up the speedy, the cost of transport costs has been reduced, and all sectors benefit from all sectors.
 it's all of the rooms of the new printer, as well as " appliance ".
 36. the 2. the 2 is to attract knowledge, skilled and skilled talents in hong kong.
 she would like to see what can be done, such as radio, television, lectures, sports, singing, singing, singing, singing, singing, singing, singing, singing and piano.
 when we talk about taiwan's children grow up, it is very difficult to see the impact on them.
 the value of freight costs can be based on the value of a higher value.
 in fact, the secretary for housing has invited me to talk about and explain the lack of relations with the redevelopment area.
 an independent expert group was entrusted to an independent expert group to encourage consultants to work in an open and transparent manner.
 i do not have a look at this report, but often hear of such reports.
 (a) the company is interested in the application of an official application for the use of application application for the cyberport.
 in the movies, hou hsiao-ching's " little story ", " says yang's " little story ".
 the united nations will face the test.
 the director of health, director of medical care, said that about four years later, it could be achieved.
 it is difficult.
 in the department's central institutions, women account for more than 50 per cent of the existing staff, 1<unk>3 of which serve as positions.
 the court believes that the buyer had not been able to fulfil the payment of the purchase price.
 the independent human rights association of the region should be a channel for contact with the league of arab states.
 the current session of the sponsors of 159 member states will create a record: this will be a real olympic performance.
 iraq has been requested to provide a response in the form of a supplementary report on 16 august 2002.
 the sfc and the financial centre has recently made a report on the status of hong kong's position in this year.
 the meeting felt that the mandate of the holding of elections is the privileges of the general assembly rather than the privileges of the security council.
 in the modern civilization of the modern civilization, it will also be possible to make a lot of shopping in a modern civilization.
 we have a long-term objective, and the development of hong kong's development is an international city in asia.
 at the opening of the dinner, the director of social welfare, director of social welfare, and the fund management committee, were distributed to the elderly.
 the honourable mrs selina chow suggested that the use of the juvenile police call on the use of the juvenile police.
 there was a breakthrough in overseas markets.
 i would like to point out that his argument i would like to point out his argument.
 shanghai's export company, the import and export company of zhejiang province, zhejiang province, zhejiang province and the above-mentioned situation is similar.
 the hong kong shipment company provides the value of the domestic shipment industry in the domestic shipment industry.
 to help the government and people of sierra leone, the united states of sierra leone has been a priority in the united states.
 according to he said, history was just repeating.
 the national development framework for the transitional government has demonstrated the economic and social role of the country.
 the committee recommends that the state party consider expanding the reference of the employment bureau to encompass all aspects of racial discrimination.
 this is the driving force of the peace process in the democratic republic of the congo, which has no impetus to international support.
 industrialization partners still need to do many work, reduce tariff tariff and non-tariff barriers.
 the representative of costa rica noted that the delegation became very active in its duty since the members of the committee.
 israel is proud of the age tradition of the world as a whole.
 <unk> the director of the information services department, mr. choir, will be the director of information services from january 7, 2002.
 the dances of the dances are the gods of the flowers of flowers.
 the situation in the united nations is most disturbing.
 as a result, the doctor said that the child has already been infected with the disease.
 the questionnaire has been sent to all programme and donor governments, national teams and various united nations agencies.
 in addition to the u.s. u.s. beauty.
 the aim is to exert pressure on 3 parties to peace-building, peace-building and no longer wars.
 tai po tai tai po garden, tai po, today (february 2) took place no fire.
 we plan to introduce the bill 2004.
 the people of kosovo, the people of the community should not be allowed to move back to the next potential.
 we must not forget that these are not a waste of public money.
 on the other hand, local university places will be able to increase in the year.
 i have recently visited the residents of the territory.
 a copy of these written statements should be sent to the prosecutor or the person to be sent to these written statements.
 chin chin-yuen said that james soong will arrive in the 1 stop at the 1 station on may 5.
 the committee also provided information on the provision of additional information during the consideration of the report and the mission.
 a major train explosion occurred on the north korean railway station in north korea.
 the activities of the activities were also included in the activities of civil society, non-governmental organizations, lawyers, lawyers and journalists.
 the sentiments of the people of hong kong have to be used by using the use of the hong kong people.
 however, international trafficking also involve other areas, including clothing, agriculture and construction.
 i am not a party, but i often hear religions from religion.
 therefore, it is only the chinese government that only the chinese government will be eligible to represent the sar government.
 we need to assess the impact of the elections to the administration and the legislative council. "
 okay, thank you, mr. qiu zhenhai.
 in fact, some of the provisions of the mine-clearance activities, particularly with regard to mine-clearance activities.
 he further noted that the volume of trade in latin america was 12 per cent annually.
 the number of unemployed persons was reduced to 19.3 per cent and four years for the first time in four years.
 in 2004, the united states import and export bank provides funding for us$ 17800000000 of export products around the world.
 two informal meetings will be held on wednesday and 6 june on thursday, 6 june and 6 june.
 at present, the government is considering the possibility of legal action to take legal action on the basis of the old site.
 the office was proposed to set up 36 posts in the office of the operation and 18 posts were paid by the support account for the regular budget.
 in taiwan, he said, " the 3 route " is the main reference for the government of chen shui-bian.
 right, for a double-edged sword, we have zhang charts, um,.
 in addition, the transport department has inspected the landings of air-to-fried buses to 12.
 political and religious freedom, not only in the constitution, not only in the constitution but also in other documents.
 i would like to draw the attention of the councils attention to the situation of external debt in the central african republic.
 if it is hoped that the conference will be on the scene, the conference was 105 rooms on the ground, and the location was 210 in the united states congress.
 the record of the record shall be 3 years after the last week of the last item.
 china has reduced 2000000000 people.
 a large number of bangkok people were ready to be prepared before the wto centre for the wto.
 we fully support the statements made by the secretary-general and other united nations representatives.
 during the period, taxis can be available at the urban taxis at the same time as well as loading near sheung shui road.
 the united nations transfer of conventional arms is a transparent measure of transparency between states and sovereign states.
 the latest figures show that some local employers have continued to streamline its staff as a result of economic growth and business prospects.
 it requires social consensus, " the spokesman said.
 such punishment applies to not only the citizens of the czech republic, and there are no persons who have not obtained refugee status.
 when i went to the young, i have been very serious and very serious.
 the committee on human rights and human rights also participated in the international symposium.
 the process of gender disparities and inequality affecting the risk of risks affecting the risk of risk.
 according to the conservative estimate of the biological engineering engineering centre and the environmental protection agency, the potential of these technology applications may be able to reach $ 100000000.
 the government announced today (december 22) 12 members of the advisory committee on the appointment of the labour advisory board (lab) for two years.
 the 3 category is particularly concerned about the elderly.
 " in east asia, the east asian region should be able to build up its financial surplus and should also be properly utilized.
 the swd has already contacted the family's family and counselling.
 the maximum amount of accommodation for accommodation is a maximum of 80 per cent.
 these developments have further exacerbated the strategy of strategic change in the post-cold-war era.
 there appears to be difficulties in determining the number of refugees in west timor camps.
 there has been virtually no place in which these people have been exhausted.
 it was also agreed that all foreign troops are not invited to be withdrawn from the democratic republic of the congo.
 as to improving the recruitment of police recruitment, wages, training and management of the prison, also apply to the guard staff.
 " it also revealed that the project will be sufficient to cope with traffic, utilities and other users, " he added.
 now, after almost 30 years, the concept of common heritage has been incorporated or was reflected in a number of international covenants.
 after the buildings, the ministry of home affairs and the court floor, etc.
 it is envisaged that all helicopters were deployed before the 1 round of balloting.
 i wish hong kong every day for us to create a sun sun breed, the air, and prosperity and prosperity.
 for a long time, a number of manufacturing industries in hong kong has been the main power of economic development.
 therefore, we first stresses the nuclear powers to conclude the comprehensive test-ban treaty concluded by the nuclear powers to be concluded in 1996.
 in contrast, the u.s. largest internet service has only maintained the ratio of every 20 users.
 since the reform and opening up of reforms have been opened, small and medium-sized enterprises have made significant contributions to the strategic objectives of the society.
 because of our warm warm warm warm warm warm warm warm warming and, it will be long as five or 60.
 i hope that during the course of today's meeting, the secretary-general will be able to meet the face of the general assembly hall.
 <unk> there is no provision in order to give up the right to give up the right of guardian after being appointed.
 for example, measures agreed by the conference include a uniform document for national citizenship in the region.
 it is a genuine friend to say that it is truly friends.
 mr howard young: mr president, the employment of workers, employment and changing difficulties have been heavy for some time.
 " we should not abandon the performance of " live drama ", " says chu.
 otherwise, the draft articles would lose its most practical role.
 as a result, the rate of inflation in last year has increased significantly.
 in hong kong's mainland china and taiwan's veterinary college in hong kong, they enjoy the right to use drugs and antibiotics.
 the greek cypriots is 66 years old.
 the world's economic experts on the last weekends had also raised the same forecasts.
 it is also possible to allow more public awareness of cultural diversity and to maintain such diversity as well as in that regard.
 in view of the large number of applications, the government is considering whether there is a need for additional loans to increase the quota.
 the seizures were carried out in accordance with the criminal procedure of the criminal procedure, which was carried out by the judges.
 judging from this, it is also the only way to death to death.
 with regard to the treatment of primary health facilities in unrwa, the patient is based on the provision of basic medical medical supplies.
 it is not only a relocation of land.
 on the subject, the conference was trying to remind people to note that one of the 20 minutes were killed or maimed by anti-personnel mines.
 when the neighbouring islands came to neighbouring island, there was a number of pieces of crafts products.
 motorists are urged to follow the traffic instructions and compliance with the police officers.
 some surprisingly, because of the fact that the legal adviser had been made by the legal adviser, the legal adviser had been instructed by their competent acts.
 with the assistance of the ilo, the government of benin is considering expanding the possibility of increasing existing social security systems or individual scope.
 the amputation of the daily lives of their life, affecting their activities, work and normal life.
 in 2001, the european union, japan, the united states and a number of developing countries declined at the same time.
 after the implementation of the scheme, many colleagues will have the first time for the first time for the first time.
 he said, after his father's written complaint, the ministry of the ministry of the interior reportedly said to visit him.
 other officers of the narcotics bureau arrested a 40-year-old man arrested in the vicinity.
 in fact, the only local level employment opportunities for low-skilled skills is a low-level service sector.
 the project shows that currently small enterprises are based on the previous policy experience and performance of credit subsidies.
 mrs miriam lau has said to be the assistance of the " youth charter ".
 the three men were arrested for conspiracy to obtain money from the woman.
 they should be open up in accordance with monetary, financial, trade and other macroeconomic policies, in order to implement a progressive market.
 from international moral and international law, it is impossible for us to support the war against iraq to war against iraq.
 the real development concept should contain full respect for all universally universally universally universally universally accepted human rights.
 state practice suggests that the duration of the duration of the option of the option of the option is considerable.
 the islamic state of afghanistan is fervent to the security council's consideration of the previous agenda, which would also be re-examined by the security council.
 many countries have attained a large reduction of the population of the population living in poverty, although the asian economic crisis has caused a setback.
 as a result, the countries of some financial resources are not available.
 recognition of the role of neighbouring countries in the security and economic spheres.
 the security council is deeply concerned about the deterioration of the situation in the republic of croatia and around the republic of croatia.
 in view of the return of warmer weather, the nine temporary cold shelters operated by the home affairs department have been closed today (february 5).
 to that end, it should be devoted to the achievement of multi-ethnic people, and together with each other.
 the company found that the development, manufacturing and marketing, and a large number of world's well-known consumer goods were found.
 in this connection, the department's veterinary officer attended the scene and confirmed that all chickens were not infected with avian flu symptom. "
 the secretariat analyses a number of missions survey data and verifying the level of self-sustaining rates.
 if the flood problem in northwest the northwest new territories must implement the flood problem in the northwest new territories.
 the capitalism of capitalism often creates drug trafficking, organized crime and corruption.
 in the first day, chen was able to enter the wall.
 the two-way navigation between the two places will be reduced to 40 minutes.
 the report reports on the deterioration of the economic deterioration of the economy in the occupied palestinian territories could not be possible.
 <unk> not to bring a lot of cash or valuable property.
 at least 17 shots, 38 individuals were shot dead.
 the working group working with international human rights services, a minority rights group, was dealt with in 1997 in 1997.
 28 officers of the immigration department conducted 7 target units in sham shui po in sham shui po.
 it would therefore be desirable for the contracting authority to consider controlling measures that may need to change.
 economic growth in both developed and developing countries, as well as countries with economies in transition, are particularly significant in developing countries.
 according to the same source, more than 800 were allegedly killed by the communist party of the nepalese <unk> amp<unk> <unk> <unk> <unk>.
 in accordance with an act of law, " a terrorist activity was convicted in accordance with the existing legislation under the existing legislation.
 mr president, at the end of next year, it will be a thorough solution to the problem.
 in the 1990s, more than 200 million children have been killed in armed conflict and more than 600 million left permanent disability or serious injuries.
 this is a great help to develop ecological tourism. "
 basically, this is a tangible responsibility for the government in the north-western part of the government.
 the department will issue a warning letter to the department and the department will issue a warning letter to the public.
 the proliferation of hiv <unk> aids in our region is also a source of concern.
 in addition, we are one of the most competitive and most competitive economies of the world.
 the highways department today (july 20) signed a contract with the construction of the construction contract valued at $ 680008000000 later this month.
 i look forward to the law of hong kong to refer to the basic law.
 thirdly, in the field of safety cooperation in the field of security.
 compared to july to july this year, the unemployment and employment situation in most of the major sectors are stable.
 this is not easy, but if we have a quota system, there will be more people with disabilities.
 in addition, australia is actively involved in the negotiations on the suppression of international conventions for the suppression of terrorism.
 the regulation, together with the factory and industrial operations (working noise) regulations, will be effective in the effective implementation of the scheme.
 the letter does not wish to improve confidence in the relationship between the united kingdom and the libyan arab jamahiriya.
 however, we firmly believe that the report of the secretary-general contains the right framework for the future of the united nations in east timor.
 in some parts of the world, the number of poverty and relatively large numbers are increasing.
 we look forward to cooperation with the industry, " the spokesman said.
 the state party argues that the same compromise should apply to the present case.
 he was informed that a dispute between the darfur conflict was a dispute between the clans and crops with crop cultivation in the region.
 the amendments have also been reserved for the future development of fire services and open space as well as open space.
 otherwise, the international community may have no choice but only from liberia.
 the details of the detailed education fund will also provide education for the promotion of the language proficiency.
 on the floor, chen shui-bian's winds and winds with the winds of stabils and winds.
 in fact, the proposal of the bill of the garrison law, in respect of judicial jurisdiction, is almost the current practice of the current british army.
 the spokesman pointed out that the purpose of the establishment of a resource centre for the judiciary is not encouraging to defend themselves.
 the chairman of the joint meeting would like to say that discussions are very useful and will conduct follow-up action on various recommendations.
 we will also be prepared for the review of the review of the district boards in 2003.
 on the 1 avenue of the secretariat of the secretariat, it was limited to the vehicle entrance of the permanent representative of the permanent representative of the permanent representative.
 the village is facing the village of the village, and the villagers have made a little bit of 320000 trees.
 the institute for reform of el salvador was established as a result of the implementation of the land transfer plan, which is a result of the peace agreement.
 according to the information provided by the advisory committee, the advisory committee does not oppose these posts.
 anyone who is the girl's relatives or the girl is urged to contact the mong kok police station at 2398 6329.
 in 1997, the institute of the institute was designated in order to implement improved quality and increase productivity programmes.
 this morning, i would like to focus on two questions on two issues.
 to that end, the importance of education to education is the necessary means and means to promote social development in developing countries.
 the ruf is not the army, and it is also the command of the army of the army.
 the field of field assets is a series of audited audits aimed at providing the united nations accounting responsibility for the united nations assets.
 but it is impossible.
 for the reasons for security reasons, these substances must be unexploded, non-less, non-less, non-crimination, non-crimination, and no chemical reaction.
 the offence of treason is in the common law system.
 worse, because of the devastating threat of nuclear weapons, the threat of the destruction of nuclear weapons seems to be rooted.
 in the village, the village was scared up.
 armed conflict in darurar region began in february last year.
 non-discrimination is a part of the international protection of human rights, particularly part of the respect for multi-cultural system.
 the commission's procedures are confidential, based on the rules, any document or addresses of the relevant rules.
 however, as the economy gradually recovers, it is believed that the hong kong ranks will be picked up.
 the choice of the choice is to choose whether the purchase contract was granted.
 efforts will continue to be made, but it will be a challenge.
 they tend to retreat from backwards.
 at that time, governor chris patten is now working on the conservative party elections.
 asianet daily summary-press releases distributed on friday, november 16, 2001.
 it may, however, be disappointed that only one defendant has been sent to the court for trial.
 in order to avoid conflict, the role of the council must be coordinated with the role of the court in order to guarantee the independence of the latter.
 the loss of life, particularly children's lives, are always saddened, and sadly beyond the boundaries of the national and religious boundaries.
 a total of $ 50000, including $ 50000.
 the world economy has undergone rapid changes in recent years.
 these guidelines have been set up on the department's homepage, and has been distributed to all management companies and owners ' corporations.
 they believe that the technology of science and technology could not be used by the scientific doctrines.
 while member states asked for strengthening the field representative, its progress is being hampered by resource shortages.
 at 3 p.m. local time at 3 p.m. local time, a car bomb in the city of the city of the city of the city of the city.
 senior officials attending the sessions of the session, as well as individuals who have attended sessions, will receive special permits to obtain the security and security office of the united nations security guard.
 the latest map and access to the new images have been prompted to rescue agencies quickly.
 as a result, 15000000 citizens, including students, women, women and children, have no gender discrimination.
 however, demining activities have been carried out in the mandate of the united nations peacekeeping force and other united nations agencies.
 the kingdom of cambodia provides legal protection to hiv <unk> aids in cambodia, and protecting the human rights of these persons.
 as a result, once again, the housing department will take up the housing department for further inspection.
 school drop-out rates of secondary school are still higher than male, in secondary schools and university, in secondary schools and university.
 there are two sides of both anti-trotical and clocks, and the outbreak of a conflict broke out in the conflict.
 there is no difficulty in the establishment and access of such private schools.
 he never imagined that she has changed her decision.
 as a result, the transport department has received a warning letter from the transport department.
 it is always the united states in the hands of the united states, er, er, er.
 the chairman of the environment for environmental capital co-operation and the senior adviser of the world bank.
 if the senior officials are interested in investment, it would not be possible to move business.
 it should also take into account the changes of international regimes, particularly globalization and new technologies over the last decade.
 it's something that you cannot say anything.
 the lifting of the cuban sugar quotas in the united states market has been proposed.
 however, in the longer term, the government still intends to openly recruit suitable candidates.
 in addition, 3 children have been released, but the next day must also be reported to the gendarmerie.
 a modern statement on the hong kong sar's trademark legislation ordinance.
 the more, of course, our 1 legislative council will have to vote.
 a place of 40-minute ballistic ballistic missiles at a point of 40 minutes can be carried out within 13 minutes.
 if he is not enough enough, i believe that it would be better to be better.
 it is clear that such an approach is an administrative role.
 in december 1963, the armed attack was a ethnic cleansing campaign against the turkish cypriot community.
 the delegation of argentina proposed that there should also be a model.
 we are liaising with the canadian authorities, " the spokesman said.
 the delegation of china expresses its appreciation to the delegations of his delegation to work on the subject.
 no one has to go to him.
 with regard to the elimination of the situation of marriage, she asked whether the causes of family division had been identified.
 the fact is that the earth's environment is worse than the previous year.
 the government today (april 20) announced the appointment of the members and special advisers of the commission on innovation and technology.
 he will conduct major reforms in the future and the hong kong securities and futures.
 as a result, information improved and access to information has led to non-governmental organizations and other important organizations to participate in all levels of activities.
 the delegation said that the majority of these were imported from outside force, free of control groups and individuals.
 " it's the hard and continuous efforts of each of our colleagues in the past and at present. "
 the presentation ceremony will be held next month next month.
 in order to improve the living standards of children and improving services, parents have to pay some costs on household income.
 however, further efforts are required to make further efforts to promote the results of the promotion of work, which gives attention to the national authorities.
 those criminal acts should not be allowed to have access to safe shelters.
 on july 26 this year, mrs. yuehen said this year's taxi drive was sha tin and saw a security guard to catch up two burgls.
 the council believes that he would have to be responsible for their actions.
 under the traditional business environment, marketing agents can only take care of the client's actual contact or contact customers.
 article 54 of the constitution stipulates that expatriates of expatriates in the territory of the republic shall be protected by law.
 the member states of the european union have a three-year period of time to bring its legal legislation to 6 june 2000.
 in a press conference, the pfp has a very anger in the press, to a press conference.
 it reaffirms the importance of the treaty on a treaty of anti-ballistic missile systems.
 the performance of the developed countries in the region is still weak by the japanese economy.
 it is unrealistic for others to save themselves, and it is unrealistic.
 it's hard to sell, with a knife-like knife, to be sold at the wooden woods on the other hand.
 in the past last year, there are six-year-old styles in taiwan.
 despite the condemnation of the international community, a multi-ethnic, multicultural, multicultural and multi-ethnic society is being eliminated.
 in accordance with the supervision and standards of the licensed by the sfc, the hkma will implement the regulatory framework.
 the first time for the first time for the first time returned to the stars of the star.
 we want to see a genuine global mission of the university of peace with a genuine and global mission.
 the population estimate is that an important parameters for projections and projections are also helpful in both private and commercial institutions.
 more than 1,000 friends are invited to attend the chinese new lunar new year.
 the united states government recognizes that cuban diplomatic banks should enjoy diplomatic immunity.
 secondly, the rule of decision is paid on the basis of the instrument of coloncy.
 during the competition, students have had to cope with accidents, such as electricity cuts, hacking and interrupted equipment.
 we are now considering the views of the industry and to implement proposals.
 the board of staff also visited undcp in thailand and china.
 there is no particular reference to the use of bilitic companies with a focus on loan and one company.
 it is also strange to say that the chinese people would be able to avoid away from the name of his name.
 the department of health (dh) has provided health education to the family members of the disease and disinfected in their home.
 i now turn to the issue of post-conflict peace-building, given our current situation in our current situation.
 the representative of non-governmental organizations also suggested that the high commissioner should take the initiative to ask the special rapporteur's recommendations.
 when we focus on the necessary action, we refuse to stay in a single aspect.
 we are watching the process of the question of palestine in the middle east.
 if members of the council agreed to be members of the council.
 the threat of the sovereignty of the sovereign concepts, including the weakening of the sovereignty of sovereignty, has been hampered by technology.
 the maintenance of security and peace in the world could not be left away from the development of the international community.
 the emergency of a number of local emergency in the lima region was again extended on 15 december.
 after the taliban occupation of mazar-sharif, the authorities began to transfer prisoners to other detention sites.
 the unique nature of the missile unique character of missiles is very appropriate for the threat, deterrence, co-operation, self-defence and revenge.
 the government has the government's government's policy to adopt a platform for the use of an open standards for the application system.
 in addition, there are 106 private care centres at 156 private care centres.
 after this incident, both sides have taken military operations, but there was no significant changes in the front line.
 in addition, the general assembly also designs a wide range of interesting games.
 but for some immediate danger, the relevant departments will take immediate action.
 the committee is able to meet the images of the new images of the committees databases and the most recently presented in the databases database.
 the estimate consists of 10 per cent vacancy rates.
 the use of natural gas will also reduce the use of sulphur, nitrogen and carbon dioxide emissions.
 works will start early next year and is expected to be completed in early 2001.
 in manufacturing, large-scale institutional units refers to the establishment of 100 or more employment units in other sectors.
 under section 23, paragraph 2 of the sweden penal code, the penalty is below the maximum limits to be applied to the maximum limits of the offence.
 the general assembly has recently adopted resolution 56<unk>822 from the list of non-self-governing territories.
 mr. wang (china) (interpretation from chinese): 7 july, the king of morocco's iisan ii hassan ii ii hassan ii.
 on 14 february, the government of rwanda informed rwanda's operation, and other 5 suspects were arrested.
 of these, 60 of them are implemented by non-governmental organizations, and the remaining 19 were sponsored by swd.
 in conclusion, i would like to refer to the two special concerns of spain.
 there will be no one-handed vehicle for such an offence.
 secondly, small and medium-sized enterprises (the " smes ") should be applied to the lack of information technology.
 8 days after the day, the u.s.a.
 more than 2000, more than 2000 pots of africa will be displayed at the park room for the easter park.
 the survey will provide information on the living standards of living in the territory of the territory, particularly the extent of the level of poverty.
 one of the hot spots that play a lot of concern is a new fortune game this year.
 the abolition of the abolition of the death penalty in 1993 is the trend of world respect for human rights.
 it is also known to know that there is an effective role in vomiting, lowering and other disorders.
 <unk> 15 <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> 
 in particular, he suggested that this legislation was revised in 1999 to give more investigative powers and independence in relation to competition management.
 the secretary for foreign affairs of china, japan and south korea, held in beijing.
 he will be published by the hong kong trade development council and the french employers association.
 if we take into account the interests of each other, the international community will cooperate together.
 the ministry of finance was submitted to the response to the proceedings on 19 january 2001.
 " the government's primary goal is to stabilize the property market, and the property prices will not be big.
 mr lau said that the honourable lau's honourable lau just-k's remark that it would be possible to say that the <unk> amp<unk> quot<unk>
 the sponsor delegation stated that the legal text of the proposal could be found in article 10 to 14 and 22 of the charter.
 in any event, countries with storage must begin to gather data on its storage and production records.
 it should be noted that the data contained in these tables are from various relevant agencies.
 i remember that some people are used to have a lot of things, as " the wording " interests ".
 i believe that many people will not agree with this view, but it will not oppose the levying tax tax.
 in accordance with the contract, the transport <unk> transport issues must be agreed on the transport <unk> transport issues.
 the angolan armed forces have also taken place in the southern part of the province in the southern part of the province and continued to be offensive in the south-eastern part of the country.
 if we decide to extend the plan, we intend to extend the programme to assist the target of the problem of labour shortage.
 in the light speed, they have adopted a number of models and speed speeds of $ 80000000000.
 the court was received by the court of the people's republic of china in 2001.
 such work is still subject to the division and needs to be considered and approved by the division.
 special traffic arrangements will be conducted on the hong kong island on january 6 in order to accommodate the public service.
 the private universities also give relief fees to the student's economic situation.
 improving the relationship between our and egypt and egypt, and to restore multilateral negotiations, the common objective of our region is indispensable.
 his function was very strong, and he has been very strong, and he had to be painted.
 some of the police officers will make a video contrast to the victims.
 although the results have shown that the quality of medicine was obtained by a german company, a german company was sold through a german company.
 it welcomes ukraine as a non-nuclear-weapon states to the treaty on the non-proliferation of nuclear weapons.
 israel has also continued to keep the tunnel at the tunnel of the al-qa al-qaqsa mosque.
 as a result of this year's spring festival holidays, the tourism council has not received any complaints from the travel industry council.
 " i believe you will become an important asset of the two places, " the spokesman said.
 he then said.
 the ministry of defence carried an depreciation in order to reflect the service of the latter.
 therefore, if you are concerned about the right of protests, i am sure that we should not relax our mind.
 the private car immediately removed the scene along sha tau kok street to flee the scene along sha tsui street.
 although the evidence is made, they are still in defence, saying that they do not have " changed ".
 governments have taken various approaches to control these monopolies.
 however, it must be pointed out that, in view of their respective roles and missions, the institutions are unfairly unfair.
 i believe not only the future will not only affect the future.
 environmentally, the environmental impacts of the environment, and even the reference to the development of the development assistance was mentioned.
 <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk>.
 the participation of citizens and voters are very high.
 this resulted in the decline in the gaza strip and led to the east incursion into the east.
 i believe this week, i think, is very important in this assembly to express our commitment to the international community.
 i would also like to express my gratitude and appreciation for the secretary-general for his consideration of the report submitted by him.
 we need to fulfil this international responsibility. "
 on its part, argentina has been sacrificed through a process of political instability.
 in the western gates of the western gates, she has only a lot of legendary stories.
 what is known as well known by the special representative of the people of hong kong is very important.
 it is, in fact, an important part of the united nations participation in the work of the united nations.
 in the history of history, there are no other children.
 the entire mainland, the whole of the world, is the whole of the mainland and to bring about a brighter. "
 as chairman of the advisory committee, i shall be able to build up a good basis for the first ad hoc committee.
 otherwise, sanctions are likely to become a means to implement impunity, and the aspirations of the entire international community.
 in recent years, cocaine seizures in croatia was low, and 913 kg of cocaine were reported in 2000.
 to that end, pakistan supported the mexican proposal of mexico to consider a serious consideration of the budget for the international court of justice.
 the mandatory provident fund schemes authority (pf) has issued detailed arrangements for the establishment and operation of the relevant industries.
 then he was taken away by a police vehicle when he was taken away by a police car in a police car.
 with regard to environmental protection, the international efforts to protect nature is more effective and more substantive.
 the secretary-general has put forward the direction of the united nations.
 it is also necessary to identify user users and evaluate the outcome of the work.
 the honourable chan kam-lam said that his statement is more short than me, but i may still have a shorter time than him.
 lithuania also attached great importance to other international forums on the issue of anti-terrorism problem.
 the court of appeal of the united states of the united states of the united states was overthrown by the court of appeal to the district court.
 in this regard, there was no assistance in the southern part of the equator area of 500000 displaced persons and in the northern part of kagaga province.
 as a result of the wars and air strikes in kabul, some international groups have had to leave city.
 in response to the present economic situation, we also urge the government to consider reducing the feasibility of pre-employment training courses. "
 at the best, i can only say that the government is only in a position to say that the government is only a mouth.
 at present, the operating budget of the present budget is a total of $ 40 per year.
 a 10 per cent payment payment was established on 31 december to offset the floating of the exchange rate.
 the president's views and wife are unanimous.
 the ministerial conference will be convened in seattle, which could be a forum forum.
 on the basis of the above, the committee recommended that it was recommended to provide basic capabilities in the language of primary and secondary schools.
 in view of the so-called consensus, it is not good to reject a more rich and more rich language.
 regular receives and processing the pictures of 30-minute photographs and 7.
 any person affected by the amendment project may be submitted to the secretary of the town planning board before february 2, 1999.
 as regards the contents of these two ordinances, the hkpa is basically the same.
 on the contrary, ecuador's imports of ecuador has risen to rise, climbing up 2<unk>3 and colombia's growth in both and colombia.
 the recent example is that it is a dispute that has been built up by the sharking court, which involves the integrity of country parks.
 the content of the various types of projects envisaged are contained in article 11 of the model law.
 a keynote will be made by the chairman of the hong kong survey of hong kong's institute of hong kong surveyors.
 the 12 teenagers arrested on 15 june were also released on bail pending further enquiries.
 this issue has been informed at the level of the ministry of foreign affairs to the israeli ministry of foreign affairs, but there is no room for progress.
 the regional security system has expanded its ability to gather information on anti-terrorist activities in the caribbean region.
 she also wished to know how non-governmental organizations have chosen to choose what information and the committee how to use such information.
 to safeguard the interests of consumers, i would like to make this motion debate on behalf of the democratic party today.
 turkey supports the director-general to promote the policy of strengthening the field, but the state should provide financial contributions or in-kind contributions.
 but there are 15 different countries of different countries.
 in accordance with the provisions of international treaties, the legal assistance of the treaty is requested under the treaty.
 these realities must be made to ensure that the remaining 70000 people, or at least 7, are able to return to their homes.
 the list should be imposed on the list of national lists. direct victims continue to be the elderly, women and children.
 hon lee cheuk-yan will move an amendment to the hon tam yiu-chung.
 as to the underemployment rate, the underemployment rate was also seen in the construction, the construction industry, with the transport industry and the transport industry.
 as a result of the budgetary constraints, a number of restrictions on the cost and expenditure of lawyers were imposed.
 this must be an exception to which the duration of the duration must not be possible to become a punishment.
 as each of the weekends, the next class is on the time of the weekend, and the number of parents who were walking out of their children.
 the bank does not wish to make any other thing that the government instructs banks to deal with its business.
 for programme enquiries, please call 27311119<unk> advance seating: 2773499.
 therefore, the taiwan strait can be considered as a unit.
 article 190 to 201 of the penal code of georgia, in detail the assets of the assets (bank account).
 " we should also consider the need to expand and traffic, " he said.
 since the united nations has established 50 years since the united nations has been established, albania has been one of the most grieving rule of dictatorship.
 we do not support that pressure on the settlement of the north korean nuclear issue.
 then you will ask what i do not <unk>
 he was released a few days after being detained by the indian army.
 investigations by accident investigation team, traffic, hong kong island, are continuing.
 finland will actively participate in the efforts of the conference, a global and effective treaty of anti-personnel landmines.
 in addition, article 13 to 18 should be considered to be considered in accordance with the international regime in the context of specific activities.
 1970-1975 counsellor of the us embassy in italy.
 legal activities on the legitimate activities of conflict areas should be developed by the legal activities of the conflict.
 the preconditions should be to be fair, non-discrimination and objective.
 the answer is yes.
 the spokesman added that all the sale arrangements have not been sold for sale in the home ownership scheme.
 in the same period, hong kong was 55300 in hong kong, while the number of deaths was 32000.
 however, i have to put it, since the handling of this matter reflects the seeing of the sadness of the balk balk peninsula.
 when we talk about the future of hong kong, the chinese side said: " the british people can do it. "
 more than any other group, they need family, social and government care and care.
 according to reports, the contamination of these foods have been exported out of pollution, and these foods are stored in other places.
 with regard to the choice of children's choice of children, luxebourg, luxexexexex <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk>.
 they also discussed and agreed that the flow of weapons must be prevented from entering into the country.
 in view of the short-term perspective, the government should discuss carefully and listen to their views.
 i want to kill a small boy. i would also like to go to all the victims of thousands of victims.
 ni kuang talked about the taiwan edition of taiwan's edition.
 the overall plan focused on assisting girls and women to raise self-esteem.
 he strongly reiterated that the management of the administration and palau are determined to safeguard the environment and culture of palau.
 on july 17, 1928, the communist party of the communist party of china and the chinese communist party of the ccpd had arrived in the revolutionary riots.
 during the promotion of chicken chickens, there are staff members in the country's coloncy in the country.
 the advisory committee requests that a copy of the memorandum of understanding of these arrangements have been received.
 in this context, the committee has endeavoured to understand the full acts of acts of iraq.
 the special rapporteur has visited rwanda.
 the people lost their fighting.
 the main reason for the lack of unutilized balance was extended to an end to the programme.
 furthermore, as a member of the international community, we will continue to provide the palestinians directly to the palestinians.
 activities in the field of remote sensing and practical applications should be enhanced.
 according to the basic law, all permanent residents of the hong kong special administrative region enjoy the election and the right to vote.
 in the reporting period, 40 enterprises during the period under review were $ 216000, creating or saved 79 jobs.
 in early june, members of the council participated in the drafting of further response to the nuclear tests carried out by india and pakistan.
 i take this opportunity to thank the country, international organizations and the united nations itself to provide assistance to our country.
 we have to persuade the friends of entrepreneurship: they have to be able to ask for assistance in their own.
 a few months later, this storm has also become a very painful adjustment period.
 ah, he was closed yesterday.
 after protest was protested by the assembly, some people were emotionally hit, and the police were dismissed to the public.
 the establishment of a programme of work on trade points (the annex 4) is only in recent years.
 i think the most important thing is to respect the civil service, let them go to the negotiating table.
 the composition of the pension system has expressed concern about the impact of the impact of women's impact on women.
 (iii) the office of the force commander: owing to the sensitivity of the information message, the two local level posts were reduced.
 in fact, it has decided to reduce the expectations of the world economy and international trade.
 the department for development of family development division and family support division, the national family, exhibition and similar activities have been undertaken.
 gizmony, vice president of the gizmon world, said: " the exhibition is extremely successful in the event.
 the international community should also look at human rights in a fair and equal manner.
 despite some obvious difficulties, these positive developments have shown that the progress made in conflict prevention is a strategy that is being implemented.
 the similar provisions of the joint declaration is also seen in article 122 of the basic law.
 he kicked me.
 the amount of us$ deposits was recorded in july to november, after a modest increase in the value of $ 0.6% in december.
 the committee wished to know the findings of this incident.
 however, women's ability to participate fully depends on the social and social rights of the community.
 many of the discussions of the general assembly and the committees have clearly reflected the urgent issue of common concern for all of the whole.
 it must be brought to their despair and suffering.
 " we are committed to the preservation of hong kong's success, " mr tung said.
 in view of the position, the chinese side put forward a reasonable solution.
 after that of us$ 2000000000, only $ 123300000000 were used to purchase humanitarian goods.
 the rental indices of the consumer price index reflected the changes in the rental of households in hong kong.
 the application of such an approach will be directed to the original guarantee of proceeds to the original guarantees.
 he believed that the preparatory work of the beijing olympics will certainly be successful in the 2008 olympic games.
 based on its multi-year programme, the committee considered the key issue in the production of productive employment in february this year.
 the economic mode of economic measure can be done, and we will have to face the grave situation in which we are facing.
 the protection of the maternity ordinance in 2000 is also prohibited from eight to 21 weeks.
 the actual facilities in paraguaa have a major improvement, leaving river transit corridors into the 2 key transport routes of the road transport.
 welcome.
 in the financial secretary, the financial secretary also agreed to make a great deal of development, and we expect to be able to follow as soon as possible.
 as far as the public is concerned, the general assembly of the general assembly, the general assembly of the general assembly.
 in most countries, the elderly population is far faster than the overall population growth.
 a 45-year-old man was killed in the fire.
 in addition, on 12 may 1994, it was reported on 12 may 1994.
 today, i am honoured to officiate at the opening ceremony of the chinese space science and technology achievement exhibition.
 their disciplines are odds, and the conduct of their discipline is to be for themselves.
 these proposals have been the public's public opinion over the years, and the proposals were made by the masses.
 " there is no need for undue worrying for the public, " police spokesman stressed.
 police appeal to members of the public who are aware of the whereabouts of the above-mentioned missing persons who are urged to contact investigating officers of the kowloon east kowloon region.
 in this connection, the advisory committee was informed that the secretariat intends to conduct a review of the system-wide review.
 the 73-year-old he was a well-known voice, and his voice is all about 100 patients.
 this incident took place in the way to go into the way in which i was transferred to the village.
 the fact is that the number of unemployed persons is higher than a few times.
 the government of some industrial countries have already allowed all the heavily indebted poor countries from a decision to start to suspend the debt.
 in this century and the millennium, we saw human achievements, and we saw a disastrous tragedy.
 mr deputy president, i would like to say a few words about this little argument.
 the number of casualties in the armed conflict is the civilian population.
 as a result, the 3 phase of the genetic revolution is known as the revolution of biotechnology.
 i understand that the chinese government promised to draft the precise degree of accuracy of the basic law in the basic law.
 violations of these rights may be brought to the competent court.
 the united nations is the appropriate forum to deal with many of the challenges.
 this money provides for a growing demand for food and medicines to meet the growing needs of the iraqi people.
 note:
 it is known that there is a very difficult difference between the voluntary and compulsory recruitment of recruitment.
 in the first page of the journal, the first page of the book was written in writing.
 at the same time, the inflation rate is continuing, and it is expected that this year's annual inflation rate will take close to 10 per cent of this year.
 mrs ip also mentioned that many voters in the legal profession are tired of many voters.
 i would also like to agree with the amendment to the proposal to reduce some of the complex administrative requirements.
 here there is no need for me to repeat you here.
 the draft conference would be submitted to the conclusions and recommendations of the 1 session of the review committee.
 the management system is a complex project, which has profound implications for personnel, budgetary and financial work of the united nations.
 as a result, the number of buyings will be purchased with friends.
 to coordinate the relevant measures, the department, the lands department, the lands department and the planning department will carry out the above-mentioned verification process.
 mr. wang ying-ying (china) (spoke in chinese): i would like to congratulate you as president of the council.
 in addition, military observers and civilian police have not been able to ensure safe safety.
 the objective of the text is to make some political options and rights to the countries concerned after the implementation of the international act.
 responding to police officers, the officers of the criminal investigation unit conducted investigations into three rooms of the three rooms in the hotels.
 they must receive a continuing professional training, whose registration <unk> authority shall be eligible for renewal.
 at the end of the year, the education department has invited parents to attend schools in march each year.
 however, the implementation of these techniques are enormous.
 i also said that he was not hesitating to him.
 the contradiction of the operative paragraphs of operative paragraphs is even more visible.
 it is important that the minimum age for compulsory service will benefit from the colons.
 the view was expressed that the issue of compensation for insolvency representative should be addressed in the draft guide.
 i am not going to repeat the arguments earlier, and i hope only members will have to give them more.
 during the absence of other speakers, the chairman of the president shall announce the closure of the debate.
 " you 've got into contact with the darkness, " he said.
 i think that the level of decision-making should be given to the authorities in future, and there is no need to be fixed.
 the sisters of the sisters are suffering from starvation, killings and storms and snow and snow.
 " we should continue to raise the level of service level, which is our expectations, " the spokesman said.
 it can be able to provide a major step forward in the future.
 the community now strongly supported the adoption of a bill of rights to establish such freedom through a bill of rights.
 in my view, the government is simply " himself ".
 however, when the delegation traveled to new york, it hasn't tried to air security for air security to prevent them to enter the united states.
 " otherwise, the pace of economic recovery in south-east asia will grow considerably.
 the united kingdom believes that the court should be in line with a number of guidelines.
 in order to reduce funds in the near future, i think the government should also actively implement policies on policies.
 the vienna convention on treaties relating to the vienna convention on the law of treaties relate to the multilateral covenant and the agreement, including the issue of a human rights treaty.
 myanmar chose the path of democracy: the government of myanmar is establishing real democratic democracies in a market-oriented system.
 it was also reported that, on 7 june 2000, the rwandan soldiers allegedly detained a 7, including five children.
 " we will be submitted to the appeal, " he said.
 (b) the management of private land is the responsibility of the land titles.
 this makes it more vulnerable to the poor.
 we also think that hong kong's culture of culture is the ideal city of hong kong's culture.
 in a number of countries, cross-border transit can be attributed to customs regulations, such as smuggling or violation of foreign exchange control.
 more than 90% of the salaries and personal income classes can be received in the next two weeks.
 we must be overcome, however, that japan must take into account the need for japan.
 the ministry for welfare, welfare and social development of the ministry of health, welfare and social development, are responsible for the tenth anniversary.
 he also served as chairman of the secretary of the coordination committee and the chairman of the organization, and shall be accountable to the secretary-general.
 the exhibition is an organization of cooperation between the permanent mission of the department of public information and the department of public information.
 it is equally surprising that the differences in life expectancy at birth levels (table 3 and chart 5).
 secondly, the checks and balances between the executive and the legislature is a balance between administrative and legislature.
 no less than a few days there are no public transport, most of the streets of the street are completely traced.
 this year may be different.
 next, let's take a look at the iraqi policy in the past.
 in addition, members may watch the investigation of the office of the police office.
 when i look at me, i would be very good, and i will be able to listen to my head.
 despite good financial achievements, structural adjustment programmes have not been able to meet its objectives.
 right, a little difference.
 if we hope that the united nations is a vital role, we must make the united nations to take the united nations as a step ago.
 in his budget, the financial secretary mentioned the word " song rock " under the lion rock.
 public housing estates will be responsible for repair works on the ground under the ground.
 after the election of the election, i believe that this is the last meeting of the legislative council meeting.
 the spokesman said: " the number of industrial accidents and the accident rate has been downward trend.
 the croatian police are also carrying out walking and vehicle patrols in part of the territory.
 mr cheung pointed out that the three " fundamental issues ", mr cheung pointed out that the ed has been misunderstanding by the education department.
 now, the united nations needs more than ever before.
 before the enactment of the registration scheme, the authorities will consider all views on the registration plan.
 his excellency the president: mr martin lee, you are asking for the advice and it would not be appropriate to ask questions.
 as a matter of fact, the government has recently been " winding ", saying that it will be possible to reduce the salaries of civil servants.
 in the evening, he will fly to washington for the last stop in north america.
 exports from developing countries increased from 22 per cent to almost 28 per cent in 2000.
 the web site is expected to be completed in 2004.
 at its 12 session, at its 12 session, the tribunal decided to submit the matter to the meeting of the states parties.
 to allow her her shoes.
 in spite of the need to analysis data and quantity, the content of the content of the data on the basis of data is still low.
 the report noted, however, that although the local market had food and in particular, there is a very limited purchasing power of the people.
 the advisory committee agreed that this view was recommended that the current 2.7 per cent contribution is retained.
 in the fight against the fight against terrorism, the international community should not be the reason for the reasons for the end.
 the authorities have acknowledged that " national security " is concerned about the interests of the state of sovereignty.
 however, there is a strong growth in the hong kong economy, and the surplus of the rooms of the treasury.
 it should be done.
 the under-secretary-general has not been determined by the under-secretary-general.
 over the past 3 years, a large number of documents prove that, owing to the lack of water supply to the cost of water supply.
 the treaty is restricted to banning nuclear testing, but not to ban nuclear testing, nuclear testing, or production of new arms systems.
 they answered that they had been unable to receive him as a matter of urgency.
 overall, it is far greater than its part.
 (b) the electrical and mechanical services department will be closed for public holidays during the first day of may this year.
 in the light of the green paper, it is true that the green paper has been misleading.
 in 1993, 1993 became a member of china's appointments and to serve as a member of the panel of arbitrators.
 the department also issued 25 occupation permits -- seven of hong kong island, two in kowloon and 16 in the new territories.
 priority should be given to a request for cooperation aimed at long-term strengthening the capacity and infrastructure of the country.
 the average duration of the age group is about 5 hours per week.
 this phase will lead to a uniform reimbursement rate for all other equipment and consumption.
 we must use the international law of international law as the most powerful law.
 at present, the economic growth of science and technology is changing, and the world is speeding up towards multipolarization.
 on the subject of interlinks between the chinese painting and the museum of the museum.
 in a sense of rationality, the sension of the sensions and grievances of the sensions, the sension of the sensions and a pair of colorfulness.
 i have touched on the response to the exploitation of the sexual exploitation of west africa.
 however, it is the most fundamental that the angolans themselves committed to peace and national reconciliation.
 china's exporters and investors have increased significantly in the activities of the european union.
 there are few indications of the existence of the existence of the existence of fiji.
 in this event, a seminar was felt at the meeting.
 in brazil's brazilian turtles, fus life, t'i-chien and snakes are the most powerful species in taiwan.
 these women are also subject to slavery discrimination, or at the same time, to be syverged by vertical workers.
 (a) more than 50 per cent of its economy exceeds the country<unk> (ii) to developed countries.
 the 1 time in the history of the history of saint luntia was the 1 time in history.
 sometimes, non-governmental organizations sought to influence a government.
 this sound phenomenon is the product of a new single-right system for a country in the country.
 in recent years, some of the original groups have not been able to speak and oppose direct elections to 1988.
 however, with the restoration of life and the return of large numbers of refugees, east timor will continue to be continued.
 in the capital of baghdad, a police officer was attacked by car bomb attacks, killing five people and 19 wounded.
 for several months, the police were charged with violations of human rights and other irregularities or criminal acts.
 his election has highlighted the advantages, his personal qualities and his rich experience in international affairs.
 as the tourism industry is " people-oriented industries ", the entire industry cannot survive.
 at the time of the bullb's front, the 10-metre-metre lane of 173 two-storey lanes and 133 double-storey lanes.
 in order to abolish the words ".
 at the same time, the department has been trained to deal with hawkers.
 in the case of non-military security, the debtors debtors should be responsible for the maintenance and maintenance of the debtor.
 i am confident that these arrangements, particularly in mutual legal assistance, will be in the future.
 however, we have not seen any meaningful progress.
 in the vicinity, the explosion occurred in the vicinity of the scene, but there was no casualties.
 the council also began a new " mixed " mixed meeting, namely the open meeting of the membership of the united nations.
 the democratic republic of the congo noted that all measures have been taken to ensure that all measures have been taken in future.
 as mentioned above, the office also did not mention the office.
 i accept the secretary for constitutional affairs, that is, some of the things are too close to the elections.
 equitable distribution is equally important.
 the two vacancies remained to be filled, and the meeting was suspended on the afternoon.
 car park centres in the centre will also be suspended.
 at present, the growth of clients ' portfolios continued to remain stable, and a significant increase in the performance of the standard standard standard.
 many people have been able to enjoy money to make money, but pays less than paying money.
 in mid-july this year, lee chi-chi visited japan in the 8 world's ability to japan in the 8 world.
 the 3 least developed countries will be held in brussels from 14 to 20 may 2001.
 the project is part of the comprehensive development plan of ma wan island.
 in accordance with this commitment, france will report to the secretariat as soon as possible to the secretariat as soon as possible.
 the chairpersons also stressed the need for the secretariat to participate fully in the preparation of background documents, including the preparation of background documents.
 we are fully aware of the importance of the commission for human settlements.
 new york, new york, new york, was pleased to congratulate mr cheng's research university of professor cheng's research university.
 xiao7 is a well-being of the well-being of women's friends.
 in " safety health management: " hong kong's occupational safety and health management: "
 if you want to ask you, you should ask you to find you.
 the new advantages of the new airport is the state-of-the-art.
 despite the limited financial resources of the economy, many small sums could be assessed in large quantities.
 as to the contents of the draft articles, it was stated that the contents of the draft draft are complex and needed to be reduced.
 this is not only because we want to uphold the rule of law, but also because we have to protect hong kong's prestige.
 the distribution of resources for the biennium 2002-2003 was shown in table 8.1.
 as the secretary-general has said, all states need to fulfil their generous commitments as soon as possible.
 of course, the writers are not opposed to the awareness of the grass-roots level.
 lin ching-hsiang was found at more than 50 years.
 the israeli occupying forces also destroyed a flat in the village, destroying one building and destroyed another.
 the above-mentioned symptoms should be invited to teach their doctors as early as possible to be diagnosed and governance.
 child prostitution refers to any other forms of consideration or any other forms of consideration, access to or facilitated the use of children.
 this is not an achievement.
 at the same time, the value of orders for the metal products industry increased further, and the increase was 2% in the year.
 it is equally important for african countries to face a serious external debt problem in africa, accounting for 1<unk>3 of the export earnings of these countries.
 after multi-hour debates and years of consideration, we are now going back to the startpoint.
 in the economic and social council, there have been a 14 panel panels to participate in the work of the individual, and not national representatives.
 on the other hand, tactical training is provided for more intensive training.
 the entire project will be completed in the autumn of 2006.
 south-south cooperation should not be seen as an alternative to south-south cooperation, and should be seen as a complement to its supplementary.
 investigations by special investigation team, traffic, new territories south, are proceeding.
 the network of family relations is collapsed and the traditional structure of family structures are undergoing many changes.
 in order to ensure the quality of quality chinese textbooks, the chinese textbooks committee has already set up the chinese textbooks committee.
 another reason is: " it's best to do business. "
 some people were reportedly injured.
 although the delegation of ethiopia appreciates the leadership role played by unctad, the panellists only raised interesting issues, and there was no solutions.
 the united nations military contingent will assist those who might want to interfere with the democratization of the democratization process.
 however, it is necessary to see trade in other priorities such as education, health and management, etc.
 however, it was reported that this person had been transferred to the educators who had been transferred to the prison, and the whereabouts of the whereabouts of this person.
 in order to avoid public funding, campaigns of political parties should be subject to public funding, which should be controlled and transparent.
 it is expected that the work of the working group on the right to development is expected to be completed in 2000.
 he never imagined that sun yun's road encounters numerous waves.
 the chairman of the medium-and medium-sized enterprises, mr chan wing-kong, attended the chief executive to submit a report to the chief executive.
 asianet daily summary-press releases distributed on tuesday, november 20, 2001.
 as a result of the history of history, the lot of land in the new territories will only be controlled by the collective government.
 we welcome these areas, " the spokesman said.
 if you want to keep the computer, " don't " don't " harm ", " don't want to say. "
 prior to may 1998, the indonesian security forces appears to be the case in iraq, whether or not the authorities or local people do not.
 please watch the 5 series of new zealand's 5 series of new zealand's series of new zealand's new zealand.
 the adoption of the new consolidated approach adopted by the commission on 18 june 1998 included the relevant provisions of resolution 1171 (1998).
 in the course of the pilot period, it was suggested that the impact of the impact of a system is involved in the district and district level.
 the television television broadcasts a few programmes on this seminar, which helped to raise public awareness about this issue.
 if a person is dissatisfied with the age of 65, it is not right to receive a pension for the minimum wage.
 in general, such information would not be disclosed.
 mr tung said that he has always been able to achieve success in the law.
 the special rapporteur requested the competent agencies to review the conduct of the international standards for the implementation of the ordinance.
 " the labour department will provide suitable vacancies for non-resident graduates to find suitable vacancies and help them employment. "
 since china's recent accession to the world trade organization and the 2008 olympic games will be held in beijing, the co-operation is expected to be prepared.
 recently, one from the university of hong kong was attended by the university of hong kong.
 as a whole, the existing system has played a balance of checks and balances.
 he said that if someone was theft, then he cuts his hand, and it would also guarantee the safety of thousands of people.
 the kosovo serb serbs participate in the elections, indicating their importance to their attention to the authority of the provisional self-government.
 ninid was the headquarters of the ruf.
 the " taipei's dignity " signboards, and it is now on the new painting.
 the name of the name of the name of the name, " said the official said: " it is purely irrevocable.
 born in 1944, he was born in new zealand in new zealand, who was able to attend the university's school, canberrat and australian national university.
 there are two chickens in the traditional market.
 details of the proposal, both in english and english, will be put up to the public inspection at the vicinity of the proposed project.
 because the dpp is a new democratic party.
 in the manufacturing industry, it is indeed quite a number of employees to choose.
 the claimant provided the export credit guarantee for export credit and contractors.
 with the assistance of the non-governmental organizations, the government has developed national plans to implement the platform for action in various fields.
 the committee recommends the need to note the accuracy of the estimated requirements.
 under the health organization act, all persons in estonia have the right to receive medical care (art. 5).
 the european union believes that the lusaka agreement is the most viable basis for conflict resolution.
 the national daily also quoted the world bank's office in bangkok, said: " nobody knows how many costs are not aware. "
 liaoning liaoning is published in the publication of the " red scene ".
 madam president, today's secretary-general's secretary for the death of the diet, and we should not leave him.
 at the end of the atmosphere, i might say that some relatively more worrying.
 the comments of the government of the international court of justice in the annex to the above-mentioned statement were contained in the annex.
 after the performance, the audience received very enthusiastic reactions to the members and the staff of the staff members.
 i may also refer some examples, and some complaints have said that some of the long-term patients to the hospital authority have been unable to refuse.
 the approved amendments have to be amended to reflect the latest development proposals in kowloon.
 actually, i have arrived in chongqing.
 the panel is supporting the need to ensure that gender issues were more sensitive to the national census.
 she enjoys the highest medals and enjoy all civil rights.
 all relevant departments will be involved in a variety of activities, which are required to prevent the victims to rehousing the victims.
 with regard to the obligation of the state party, the committee noted that in some instances the report would refer to the current situation in other countries.
 it is estimated that, in general, 100 fighters per hour can be fired at approximately 15000 small arms ammunition.
 2, reducing the situation in the situation.
 we first act on the draft resolution on the draft resolution on the interests of the peoples of the non-self-governing territories.
 the defendant pleaded guilty to his daughter.
 in addition, there is no cash cash in the current peace-keeping process.
 my delegation is also very grateful to the under-secretary-general for the under-secretary-general, mr. ehon and the special representative of the special representative.
 the decline in developing countries to foreign investment is likely to lead to financial instability.
 an international seminar was organized in prague with the government of the czech republic on 24 and 25 june 1998.
 as a result of the transfer of a banking licence, the number of banks in hong kong remains unchanged, and it is still 177.
 this was mainly attributed to a number of countries that have been achieved or not in the past 5 years.
 aids has led to the suffering of sick children and orphans<unk> the increase in conflicts increased even more heavy.
 in january this year, mr. sergio de mello proposes that there should be general strengthening the efficiency of civilian police to deal with complex action.
 our assessment is that there are no conditions for return to sierra leone or liberia.
 the number of young populations accounted for 19 per cent of the population of africa.
 at the same time, hong kong and some countries have developed, such as thailand, china, indonesia, korea, korea and india.
 a typical consumers of the united states will have to spend 1000 hours in the entire life of 15 hours.
 i believe that the humanitarian situation in iraq must be borne in mind.
 this is a subject of play.
 the office of internal oversight services urged the ministry of disarmament to assist the new political will of member states to create financial commitments.
 we are lucky than britain's financial position. therefore, it is absolutely necessary for us to take a moment.
 the last time in la laden's image occurred at the end of 2004, but his deputy-zahaza, his deputy.
 the 4 area is the establishment of the rule of law based on the rule of law.
 the bureau has set up a working group on the government's plan to reduce waste reduction plans, mr tam kwok-chung.
 the honourable martin lee said that the government does not respond to this matter.
 a day before the performance of the people's musical scholar, mr hu said that there was a simple contributor of the musical musicians.
 the gross surplus accounted for 17.2%, compared with 1995.
 in post-conflict, children are in a society, and children need to be careed.
 the escalation of the civilian population of the bosnian serb forces on civilian populations and daily casualties every day.
 a spokesman for the department said that during the two-week period of survey surveys, 5424 visits were completed and the overall response rate was nine percent.
 the chickens were transported to the market before the delivery and blood test, " the spokesman said.
 he said that the secretariat would like to provide guidance on whether such practices continue to be continued.
 the demilitarized zone is about 240 kilometres north of the demilitarized zone, to extend 10 kilometres to iraq and extend 5 kilometres to kuwait.
 more than 70 per cent of all children engaged in family service are girls.
 as a result, a number of measures have been established to ensure that the needs of women prisoners were met.
 consolidation of the regime established by the treaty for the prohibition of nuclear weapons in latin america and the caribbean (treaty of tlatelol).
 liu ming-ming, 1 of the 1 day, liu ming-ming, is also the war in taiwan.
 the central meteorological station is expected to affect north china and south china on the eve of the cold weather.
 this section recalls the reasons why the right to food can be found in the past.
 at the end of the 19 century, the ospi has become white, and the hands of the colons into taiwan.
 the criminal law and criminal procedure has been revised in order to consolidate the legal system.
 appropriate legal sanctions against persons engaged in arms manufactured in the arms manufacture of arms will be able to promote compliance with regard to authorizing.
 the government and the business sector launched a series of activities to consolidate the international community's confidence in hong kong.
 however, the armed forces are too large, and the federal budget is unable to maintain.
 during the dinner, the hong kong ballet mission in the event was held at the festival.
 speaking at the opening ceremony, the director of home affairs, mr lee li-yu, said, " has always been a immigration society.
 on 30 may, a new fighting had occurred between troops and taliban in the north-west of the abdullas province, on 30 may.
 a large volume of data in computer systems have also caused a great deal of privacy and other issues.
 this document will be included in the voluntary report of the asean regional forum.
 every day, the soldiers said that the items would be handed over to the same day, but after repeated delay.
 the " the hong kong mpf system has been implemented, " the spokesman said.
 the committee was informed that the vehicle came from the united nations assistance mission to the united nations assistance mission in rwanda.
 on the other hand, they often see the people of the people as the enemy, and therefore, it is therefore right to people.
 the railway system is the perfect part of the system of transport systems.
 under the provisions of the convention, it is recognized that troop-contributing countries are an important partner for peacekeeping operations.
 i think this will be very sorry.
 through this election, we fully ensure that hong kong is a specialist class in hong kong.
 it seems that, despite the author's intention to use this procedure, they did not use it.
 as a result, i don't want to follow the same path for other people.
 upon completion, the results will be issued in july.
 at the end of the 1940s, johnsson's work was over half a century.
 however, the bill today has a great deal of doubt today that the bill will be implemented in the transitional period.
 after arrival by new zealand via los angeles, shah was arrested on the 3 of this month.
 the financial secretary, mr antony leung, presented the present vision of the 2003 and future hong kong economy.
 economy is also highly dependent on energy resources, particularly natural gas production and processing.
 a number of experts indicated that statistics had not been able to reflect the size of the problem.
 therefore, we need to make a different variety of land bricks in different areas.
 after the opening of the economic reforms in china, china's accession to china's implementation of economic reforms and the price of foreign exchange purchases will be priced.
 the bishkek group has been established in the context of the shanghai forum.
 at the same time, the united nations must also recognize that its fundamental base has changed.
 we will continue to persuade the young and young people, and cannabis has a strong impact on health. "
 some of the results are as follows: apart from religions, there are few women in social studies, mathematics, agriculture and reading.
 this year's year, the total revenue of this year is $ 105500, which was nearly 24% over the last year.
 these provisions should be made to quote the matter with china.
 non- currencies monetary items carried out in other currencies are replaced by the non- currencies monetary project in other currencies.
 we also believe that the rapid establishment of the international criminal court is to promote respect for international law and human rights.
 in addition, we have ranked 2 in hong kong, " the spokesman said.
 in the wake of the incident, i know the doctor's friends also expressed dissatisfaction with the authorities concerned.
 " there is a need to amend the latest land uses of lantau island to reflect the latest land use of lantau island. "
 this has forced the bilateral negotiations on the stage.
 to that end, member states must be assessed on time, full and unconditional payment of assessed contributions with legal obligations.
 information kept in the central register of establishments is updated on a quarterly basis. updated information in respect of the 2 quarter of 1999 is now available.
 for more than half a century, human lives are in fear of the continuing hot nuclear danger.
 he said that as a matter of resolving these issues, the prime minister was established by the prime minister.
 if everything is ready to be done, it will be necessary to wait for 2003, the longer the time the longer will be.
 there is no other group of other groups.
 the seriousness of the conduct is similar to a serious violation of article 3 of the geneva conventions.
 the summary of these financial statements are set out as a summary of the financial statements to the financial statements.
 within the south-eastern part of the southern south, there will be heavy rains in the south-eastern part of the south.
 on behalf of the government and the people of the comoros, i would like to express our condolences to the families of the israeli government.
 undp has not yet carried out a plan to provide donor trust to the structure of the structure of undp.
 the bureau was chaired by the bureau for the year 2000 and the delegation of ukraine, mali and ukraine.
 ohchr will promote the right to development in its context of poverty-related strategies, plans, policies and operational activities.
 the vocational training council (cd) has an average of about 70 examinations, which can accommodate some 3000 candidates.
 after the culprits escaped, the victim came into the hands of the employer to sleep.
 the authorities have announced today today.
 for example, in the 3 phase of their purchases, it was late until it was late.
 " it is important that the peace process should continue, and it should be possible to work and employment.
 the printing volume has been reduced by 30 per cent.
